Add Canu and M4 files (#339)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/canu.md

---
name: CANU
category: HPC
description: CANU is widely used in bioinformatics for de novo genome assembly and is optimized for parallel processing, making it well-suited for use in high-performance computing (HPC) environments.
download_url:

> works_on_arm: false

Author: ```suggestion
works_on_arm: FALSE
```

supported_minimum_version:
    version_number:
    release_date:

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://github.com/marbl/canu
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://github.com/marbl/canu?tab=readme-ov-file#install
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: The project does not support installation and testing on the Linux/ARM64 platform. [Issue](https://github.com/marbl/canu/issues/2016) is raised regarding this and was closed. Another issue was opened here(https://github.com/marbl/canu/issues/2271).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: The project does not support installation and testing on the Linux/ARM64 platform. [Issue](https://github.com/marbl/canu/issues/2016) is raised regarding this and was closed. Another issue was opened [here](https://github.com/marbl/canu/issues/2271).
```

>     other_info: The project does not support installation and testing on the Linux/ARM64 platform. I found a related issue here(https://github.com/marbl/canu/issues/2016) that was closed, but another issue here(https://github.com/marbl/canu/issues/2271) remains open.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: The project does not support installation and testing on the Linux/ARM64 platform. [Issue](https://github.com/marbl/canu/issues/2016) is raised regarding this and was closed. Another issue was opened here(https://github.com/marbl/canu/issues/2271).
```
